1. Which one of the following is an Imperative Language??

1.	HTML
2.	CSS
3.	Java Script

Answer: 	java script


2. Which one of the following is a Declarative Language??

1.	HTML
2.	CSS
3.	Java Script

Answer: HTML and CSS


3. Name two uses of a DIV tag??

Answer: The  two uses of DIV tag are:-

1) The DIV tag is used  to design a specific element by adding it to the div class.
2) The DIV tag is used as a container to contain the html elements.


4. What is the difference between relative positioning and absolute positioning in HTML?

Answer: Relative positioning keeps the element in the normal document flow, while absolute positioning takes it out of the normal document flow.


5. What is the use of opacity in CSS??

Answer: Opacity is used as the visibility of the object in CSS.


6. Which is the programming language used in the React Native Framework??

Answer: JSX programming language is used in React Native Framework.


7. Which online editor are we using for creating our apps in React Native Framework??

Answer: Snack online editor we using for creating our apps in React Native Framework.


8. Write the steps to test your first designed app in the online editor on a mobile.

Answer: 1) We will click on android and scan the QR code with the EXPO.
        2) We will click on play of the android app.


9. What is the use of the render function in React Native Framework??

Answer: Render function is used to display the elements of return on the screen.


10. What is the use of return function  in React Native Framework??

Answer: return is used to take the elements creating argument and to give its value to the render.


11. What are the various components in your first app that you designed??

Answer: 1) We have imported the  libraries.
        2) We have imported the button veiw and the text to the app.
        3) We have used the class of red button and created button in it.
        4) We have used the render and the return function in the class.
        5) We have used the app class and used the red button class in it.




